- Next up, let's build out a put-in point
to update an existing document in MongoDB.
Let's create a new public method,
let's return a Mono that admits a String as before.
We can update this later, we'll need build-out
or service implementation.
Let's name it "updatePrice".
Let's go up to our createReservation method
and let's copy the RequestBody.
The update call will accept a JSON request
just like the Create method.
Now let's add a PutMapping annotation.
Let's set the path equal to a roomId path variable,
let's surround the string roomId with curly braces,
and then go up to our Create method,
and let's copy the produces and consumes fields
and copy them into our PutMapping annotation.
This update call will produce a JSON
as well as expect a JSON in the request body.
Let's also add a parameter to capture that path variable.
Let's create a string named "roomId",
and then add the annotation PathVariable.
Finally, let's return an empty JSON string as before.
Let's open up the Run window and restart our application.
Now let's open up Postman, open up a new tab,
let's copy the URI into our new tab,
and then add a PathVariable at the end.
Let's change the verb to "put"
and then head back to our PostCreate method,
let's copy the body, open the body tab,
enter PutUpdateRequest, select "raw", then "JSON".
Then finally, you paste in the JSON request body
from the Create request.
Now let's try to execute.
It looks good.
We got a 200 OK status code and the expected response.